KM DCP Release 14 Updates (#1447)
DataBiosphere/data-portal: content/community-update/community-update/dcp-updates.md

# DCP Platform Updates

> #### February 28, 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### March 31, 2022
```

Author: Should this be when the release actually went live? I'm assuming yes, which isn't what I originally thought. My bad!

Reviewer: I think we've been doing the day the release notes are written, which is generally the same day it's live or close to it.

Author: Got it. Thanks!

Author: Updated.

### Release Highlights

* A new managed access project, [A cellular census of human lungs identifies novel cell states in health and in asthma](https://data.humancellatlas.org/explore/projects/c0518445-3b3b-49c6-b8fc-c41daa4eacba), is available in the Browser.

* A new COVID-19 dataset has been added to the DCP as part of the project [Single-cell RNA sequencing of urinary cells reveals distinct cellular diversity in COVID-19-associated AKI](https://data.humancellatlas.org/explore/projects/c6a50b2a-3dfd-4ca8-9b48-3e682f568a25).

> * New data from across the globe has been added to the DCP, including datasets from Africa, Asia, and Europe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New raw data derived from populations in Africa, Asia, and Europe are now available.
```
